We added a page loader to the user pages like homepage, line page, live page. match markets page, and all the other front pages The goal was to set the loader to be listening to the data of the page not just the complete loading of a page, by this we aimed to solve the issue we had where user can navigate to a page, lets say the line page and find the popular events section and Sports listing section both written 'no data available' since we were sure this data is always available since is being saved to redis cache and in database for manual matches, so the system usually fetches from this two sources and saves to the localstorage of the user when the user visit the site, so that when he navigates to a page, the data is always there, no loading is seen by the user creating a good user experience.

So the loader was to listed to the data of the page if its exist then stop loading and display the page, if data is still not available then continue loading none-stop while reminding the neccesary fetching services of that page to refetch and display.

We achieve most of it since we noticed now when we visit the line page or any other page that sometimes was not showing any data, now it always shows its data.

But this success came with one problem. The problem is, you will see that when you already visited a page and the loader was shown and dissapeared when data was available, now this page has data displayed successfully but time to time I will see the loader loading again and dissapearing. Then after a few seconds it apears again then dissapears. Now these is not professional because the goal was to make sure the data is available, and when data is available the loader is not supposed to be shown at all in that page, unless user navigates to anather page and navigates back, but so long as he is in one page for a long time and the page has data, the loader is not supposed to appear. The page has its own way of updating its content, so the loader is not supposed to appear. Maybe when all the data in that page has dissapeared thats when it can load again now so that user does not see data is not available, but so long as the data is available, the loader is not supposed to load at all.